What did you call me?
aunt
I am your mother and you are my stepmother
We are not related in any way
Auntie, I'll tell you again.
This time, this is the oath ceremony
Not where you mess around
Please leave.
Cheng Aotian, I'm giving my heart to you
Why do you turn your face away in a blink of an eye?
Blame your shortsightedness
For fame for money
You don't even want your own daughter
Blame it on you for not being at this conference
cheat
Make me lose face
People like you
You don't deserve me to call you mom at all
Dad?
Do you still want me to have a CD future?
If you don't want to, kill me and my future
Just take this woman away from me
Storm Man
Chen Haotian, look at how I treat you today
Chen Xiangguang, how dare you hit me?